smart friends one scientist needed
volunteers for his experiments
two friends william and oliver agreed to
take part in the testing
they needed money and the scientists
promised the experiments were going to
be
totally harmless wink wink but soon
after the guys arrived at the laboratory
they found out it was a trap in reality
the scientist planned to test the
volunteers reactions to different
poisons
he separated the friends and locked them
in different rooms
the only way to escape was to do it
together unfortunately
the scientist was extremely cautious
william and oliver didn't see each other
one of them could use the bathroom only
in the evening and the other
only in the morning and still in a
couple of days
the guys managed to get away how did
they do it
you have eight seconds to figure it out
they wrote messages to each other on the
steamed up mirror in the bathroom using
their fingers
later they could read the messages by
breathing on the mirror
an accident on the yacht camilla was on
a luxury yacht cruise around the
mediterranean
one morning she woke up and discovered
that all her expensive rings had been
stolen
she rushed to the captain and asked him
to find her jewelry
he questioned the crew and guests and
found three suspects
mateo the sailor told the captain he had
been too
busy refilling the scuba gear for the
morning dive
andrew the cook said he had been
creating the menu for the following week
he didn't pay attention to anything that
was happening around
stella another passenger claimed she'd
been exhausted after diving the day
before
she went to bed and didn't wake up until
the captain came to question her
after thinking for several minutes and
looking around
the captain realized who had taken the
jewelry
can you figure it out too
it was mateo he claimed he had been
refilling the scuba gear
but oxygen tanks were still at zero
deleted data mark the ceo of his own
company
came to work and switched on his
computer in a couple of minutes
he jumped out of his seat grabbed the
phone and called his friend lucas a
police detective
when the man arrived mark told him all
the data connected with a super
important deal
had been erased from his computer three
people had come close to it
and lucas questioned all of them allison
the accountant
told the detective the computer had been
frozen she just pressed several keys on
the keyboard
and everything started to work normally
again
logan the it specialist claimed he had
only updated the antivirus software
and hadn't touched anything else evelyn
the secretary
said she had been with logan the only
thing she did was to restart the device
lucas took fingerprints from the
computer and around it
and that's what he discovered no time he
knew who had deleted the files
can you figure it out
there weren't any fingerprints on the
keyboard it means
allison lied a prom
mystery emma had been dreaming of
becoming a prom queen since childhood
and there was a good chance her dream
would come true she was popular smart
and beautiful emma wanted to live stream
the ceremony on instagram while they
were waiting for the results
but there was no wi-fi or reception in
the school gym where the event was
taking place
emma was upset at first but soon she
concentrated on the prom
mc's words and now we'll find
out who the prom king and queen are wait
where's the box with the votes someone
had taken the box and thrown
all the votes to the school swimming
pool now they were impossible to read
the principal had four suspects ava
claimed she had been dancing the whole
night like the rest of the students
steve said he had left the gym for a
minute or two to answer a phone call
he was back in no time though and
continued to have fun
liza explained that she had had a fight
with her boyfriend after seeing him with
another girl
she ran out of the gym because she
didn't want anyone to see her crying
and aiden said he had lost his tie at
some point during the night
he was looking for it when the accident
happened who's lying
steve is the liar he couldn't leave the
gym to answer a phone call
because there was no reception inside
hide and seek michael invited his
friends to come to his house for a party
after eating and dancing the young
people decided to play hide and seek
the only place michael asked his friends
to stay away from
was his uncle's study the guy explained
that his relative was a weirdo
and his room was likely equipped with
all kinds of traps
the game started daniel was having
problems finding a safe hiding place
panicking he sneaked into the first room
that was on his way
only after the door closed behind his
back and the lock clicked
did he remember michael's warning the
door he had come through had a password
lock with letters on it
totally perplexed the guy looked around
was that a slip of paper in the corner
he picked it up and saw four numbers on
it 1659
daniel thought for a while and got out
of the room
how did he do it
the code was the first letters of the
four numbers
o s f n
a prison escape once a prison guard
accidentally overheard very disturbing
rumors
someone was planning a prison break the
guard watched all the footage from the
surveillance cameras
and discovered that two women had been
behaving suspiciously
one of them was a former bodybuilder
muscular with short hair
and covered in tattoos the other was
quiet and reserved
she preferred to spend time on her own
and sometimes cried in herself
after watching the video several times
the guard figured out which woman was
planning to escape
can you do the same
it's the second prisoner there's a file
in her bun
she can use it to get through the metal
bars
a desperate millionaire nathan
a successful entrepreneur with a
multi-million dollar business
and his friend jackson a famous private
detective
returned from a long-term trip abroad
they decided to stop by at nathan's
villa on the way to the city
when the men entered the house though
they saw that everything more or less
valuable had been taken away
the entire villa was a mess i've only
been away for a month
what's happened here exclaimed nathan
jackson took an apple from the dining
room table
and started to munch on it thoughtfully
the lock isn't broken
it means that the person who took your
stuff had the key
after a while the detective asked nathan
to invite three people
mia nathan's niece told jackson she
hadn't visited her uncle's home
she had been having serious problems
with her car for already two months and
the villa was too
far away from the city to get there by
public transport
sarah the maid claimed she had stopped
by several weeks ago to bring some food
and tidy up
but since then she hadn't been to the
villa adam the gardener
told the detective he had been on
vacation and had just returned
he even offered to show his plane
tickets to jackson
the detective immediately understood who
was behind the mess
you have eight seconds to figure it out
it was the maid she said she brought
food several weeks ago
but the apple jackson grab from the
table was perfectly fresh
an art class once ms white
heard someone crying it was her little
student abigail
the girl told the teacher her cookies
had been disappearing from her locker
someone had been taking them for already
several weeks
but abigail didn't know who ms white
decided to help the girl
they equipped the locker with a simple
alarm that had to go off
if someone who wasn't abigail opened the
door
they hid behind the corner and began
waiting
in 10 minutes they heard the alarm when
they reached the locker it was
already empty and there was no one
nearby
but ms white noticed somebody disappear
behind the art room door
she rushed inside but everything looked
normal
and still the teacher needed no more
than a minute to understand
who had been eating abigail's cookies
look at the picture of the art room
attentively
can you find out the answer within eight
seconds it's the girl on the left
her painting's black and white but there
are only
various shades of blue on her palette
and maybe the cookie crumbs are a
giveaway too
i don't know